Location: Upson 357

Date/Time: Oct 15, 2017, 6:30 pm – 7:00 pm

Leader: Shanee

Attendance: Erika, Aasta, Ben, David

Scribe: Shanee

### I. Logistics
  a. Finish Lab requirements by Wednesday
	i. Start on Documentation 

### VI. Action Items
  a. Graphics: Daniel, David, Shanee 
  
    i. Can toggle square within 2x2 array
    ii. Occasional “sticking”
    iii. Is it significant enough to affect the robot’s overall performance? And when does it happen? 


  b. Acoustics: Aasta, Ben, Erika
  
    i. Finished. Do documentation.
    
  c. Start on lab 4; read the prelab before lab