Location: ECE Lounge

Date/Time: Nov. 27, 2017, 7:00 - 7:40 pm

Leader: Ben

Attendance: Ben, Shanee, Daniel, Dave, Erika, Aasta

Scribe: Ben

## I. Things to discuss
 
 a. Ethics HW
 
    i. Due Today
    
    ii. Finish editing
    
    iii. Upload to Github
    
  b. Finish Robot
    
    i. Add 660Hz tone detector and make it part of code
    
    ii. Add pushbutton as backup if/when 660hz tone detector fails 
    
    iii. Add a done signal to robot 
    
    iv. Crimp all the wires and make robot look neat 
    
    v. Increase speed of robot, remove stalling at intersections, while making sure everything is still operational 
    
    vi. Stop moving when the maze has been solved, even with non-visitable locations 
    
    vii. Solve power problem 
    
    viii. Add and test treasures 
    
      1. Add to Arduino code

  c. FPGA Code
    
    i. Change +/- and x/y to an array index system (unless you think current system is trustable)
    
      1. If converting to index based system, moved variable is not necessary. Actually, the moved variable does no good right now, because we only transmit when we move.
    
    ii. Make a fancier looking “Done” signal on screen
    
    iii. Resolve wall glitches/clocking issue.

## II. Due Dates
    
      a. Ethics HW - Nov. 27th
      
      b. Final Competition - December 4th, 10am - 12:30 pm.
      
      c. Final Website is graded - Dec. 6th

## III. Action Items
  
      a. Ben: add ethics HW to github

      b. Dave: edit Ethics HW

      c. Stick with fft on Arduino

      d. Erika and Dan: Look into using SPI instead of parallel communication

      e. Ben and Aasta: Get robot to stop once all are visited***

      f. Fix glitch with the walls

